**Conformance:**

Advance healthcare directive documents are identified using a unique setId identifier which is used to identify any document considered to be a version of one logical document. The  `versionNumber` field is a string value generated by determining the Epoc Unix timestamp associated with the UTC time of the document’s creation accurate to the milisecond. `VersionNumber` is used to establish the order of successive replacement documents. Best practice for systems that support distributed document creation and updating is to populate the `versionNumber` with the timestamp created from the date/time when the version of the document is created in the system (accurate to the milisecond). Note: this may or may not be equivalent to the timestamp integer for `Composition.date`. the `versionNumber` timestamp always will be equivalent to the `Bundle.timestamp` for the document.  

Each individual advance healthcare directive document also contains a system independent globally unique identifier which can be use to identify a specific document without referencing its `versionNumber`. This unique document identifier is carried in the `DocumentReference.masterIdentifier`.  

For documents created within a system will follow the pattern that the timestamp-label versionNumber will be equivalent to the timestamp of the `Composition.date` and the `Bundle.timestamp`. However, for unstructured historical documents uploaded into a system, the timestamp-label `versionNumber` will be equivalent to the timestamp of the timestamp of the system dateTime when the document was uploaded (“system origination date”). For uploaded documents, `Composition.date` also will reflect the system origination date. The creation date of the original document, if it is available, is carried in the `DocumentReference.content.attachment.creation` field. Note: the `DocumentReference.content.attachment.creation` may only contain the year, month, and day when the document was completed, as additional dateTime specificity may not be available.   

A document’s status (conveyed in `DocumentReference.docStatus`) is considered to be “completed” when all the needed “completion activities” have been completed. For example, if an advance directive document requires signature and notarization or witnessing, then the document status is not “completed” until those activities have completed.  The completion date of the document is the date of the completion of the final completion activity. A document’s revocation status is carried separately in an extension field called `extension:DocumentRevokeStatus`. 

The `DocumentReference.category` field carries standard LOINC document ontology codes used to classify all type of advance healthcare document types.  LOINC 42348-3 \| Advance healthcare directives is the category used for all types of advance healthcare directive documents.  An additional category of LOINC 81334-5 \| Personal advance care plan, classifies the document as patient authored and an additional category of LOINC 93037-0 \| Portable medical order, classifies the document as patient authored. The `DocumentReference.type` element carries a standard LOINC document ontology codes for one of the specific advance healthcare directive document types in this domain of documents. 

The DocumentReference resource for a specific document may offer that document in a variety of formats from PDF to CDA to FHIR. The `DocumentReference.content.format` carries a `formatCode` which indicates the format of each available content attachment. 

A DocumentReference resource may include context information to indicate if particular encounters are relevant for the document.  

If a document has a relevant temporal context such as an effective as of date or expiration date, that information is expressed in the `DocumentReference.context.period.start` and `DocumentReference.context.period.end`. 
